Update documentation (#4)
LiskHQ/lisk-node: README.md

## Usage

> **Note**:

> > <br>It is currently not possible to run the node with `--op-network` flag until the configs for Lisk have been merged to the [superchain-registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <br>It is currently not possible to run the nodes with the `--op-network` flag until the configs for Lisk have been merged to the [superchain-registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry).
```

### Docker

> 1. Ensure you have an Ethereum L1 full node RPC available (not Lisk), and set `OP_NODE_L1_ETH_RPC` and `OP_NODE_L1_BEACON` (in the `.env.*` file if using docker-compose). If running your own L1 node, it needs to be synced before Lisk will be able to fully sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have an Ethereum L1 full node RPC available (not Lisk), and set the `OP_NODE_L1_ETH_RPC` and `OP_NODE_L1_BEACON` variables (within the `.env.*` files, if using docker-compose). If running your own L1 node, it needs to be synced before the Lisk node will be able to fully sync.
```

> 2. Uncomment the line relevant to your network (`.env.sepolia`, or `.env.mainnet`) under the 2 `env_file` keys in `docker-compose.yml`. by default, it is set to `.env.mainnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Please ensure that the environment file relevant to your network (`.env.sepolia`, or `.env.mainnet`) is set for the `env_file` properties within `docker-compose.yml`. By default, it is set to `.env.mainnet`.
```

3. Run:

```

> docker compose up --detach --build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose up --build --detach
```

#### Build

The following dependency need to be installed in order to build `op-geth` and `op-node`:

- jq

> To build `op-node` and `op-geth` from source, follow the OP [documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/tutorials/node-from-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build `op-node` and `op-geth` from source, follow the OP [documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/tutorials/node-from-source).
<br>Before proceeding, please make sure to install the following dependency (**this information is missing in the above OP documentation**):

- jq
```

> export DATADIR_PATH=... # Path to the folder where geth data will be stored

Reviewer: Under the build section, let's make the requirement for `jq` implicit. The OP documentation doesn't state it.

```

#### Create a JWT Secret

> Run the following command to generate a random 32 byte hex string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`op-geth` and `op-node` communicate over the engine API authrpc. This communication can be secured with a shared secret which can be provided to both when starting the applications. In this case, the secret takes the form of a random 32-byte hex string and can be generated with:
```

```
openssl rand -hex 32 > jwt.txt
```

For more information refer to the OP [documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/tutorials/mainnet#create-a-jwt-secret).

#### Initialize op-geth

> Navigate to your `op-geth` directory and init service by running the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to your `op-geth` directory and initialize the service by running the command:
```

```sh
./build/bin/geth init --datadir=$DATADIR_PATH PATH_TO_NETWORK_GENESIS_FILE
```

> **Note**:

> > <br>Alternatively, the above step can be skipped by specifying `--op-network=OP_NODE_NETWORK` flag in the start commands below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <br>Alternatively, the above initialization step can be skipped by specifying `--op-network=OP_NODE_NETWORK` flag in the start commands below.
```

export DATADIR_PATH=... # Path to the folder where geth data will be stored
```

#### Create a JWT Secret

`op-geth` and `op-node` communicate over the engine API authrpc. This communication can be secured with a shared secret which can be provided to both when starting the applications. In this case, the secret takes the form of a random 32-byte hex string and can be generated with:

```
openssl rand -hex 32 > jwt.txt
```

For more information refer to the OP [documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/tutorials/mainnet#create-a-jwt-secret).

#### Initialize op-geth

Navigate to your `op-geth` directory and initialize the service by running the command:

```sh
./build/bin/geth init --datadir=$DATADIR_PATH PATH_TO_NETWORK_GENESIS_FILE
```

> **Note**:
> <br>Alternatively, the above initialization step can be skipped by specifying `--op-network=OP_NODE_NETWORK` flag in the start commands below.

> > <br>The flags fetches information from the [superchain-registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**:
> <br>Alternatively, this initialization step can be skipped by specifying `--op-network=OP_NODE_NETWORK` flag in the start commands below.
> <br>This flag automatically fetches the necessary information from the [superchain-registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry).
```

> #### Run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Run op-geth
```

```sh
./build/bin/geth \
    --datadir=$DATADIR_PATH \
    --verbosity=3 \
    --http \
    --http.corsdomain="*" \
    --http.vhosts="*" \

>     --http.addr=0.0.0.0 \

Reviewer: Let's default to using `127.0.0.1` instead of `0.0.0.0` everywhere.
The end-user can decide if they want to bind the app on all the available network interfaces.

> 

Reviewer: Please add the sub-header before L177: `#### Run op-node`

```sh
./bin/op-node \
  --l1=$OP_NODE_L1_ETH_RPC \
  --l1.rpckind=$$OP_NODE_L1_RPC_KIND \
  --l1.beacon=$OP_NODE_L1_BEACON \
  --l2=ws://localhost:8551 \
  --l2.jwt-secret=PATH_TO_JWT_TEXT_FILE \
  --rollup.config=PATH_TO_NETWORK_ROLLUP_FILE
```

For, Lisk Mainnet:

```sh
./bin/op-node \
  --l1=$OP_NODE_L1_ETH_RPC \
  --l1.rpckind=$$OP_NODE_L1_RPC_KIND \
  --l1.beacon=$OP_NODE_L1_BEACON \
  --l2=ws://localhost:8551 \
  --l2.jwt-secret=PATH_TO_JWT_TEXT_FILE \
  --rollup.config=PATH_TO_NETWORK_ROLLUP_FILE
```

> The above command start the `op-node` in the **full sync** mode. Depending on the chain length, the initial sync process could take significant time varying from days to weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command starts `op-node` in **full sync** mode. Depending on the chain length, the initial sync process could take significant time; varying from days to weeks.
```

The following logs indicate the initial process of `op-node` fetching sequentially blocks from Ethereum L1 to determine the OP Mainnet blocks that were published to Ethereum. During this process, `op-node` does not forward them to `op-geth`.

```
INFO [06-26|13:31:20.389] Advancing bq origin                      origin=17171d..1bc69b:8300332 originBehind=false
```

For more information refer to the OP [documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/tutorials/mainnet#full-sync).

> **Note**:

> > <br>In case you skipped the step to initialize `op-geth` service mentioned above, you can start the node by adding`--network=OP_NODE_NETWORK` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <br>In case you had skipped the `op-geth` [initialization step](#initialize-op-geth) above, you can start the node with the`--network=OP_NODE_NETWORK` flag.
```

> > <br>Please ensure that `--rollup.config` is removed in case of `--network` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <br>When specifying the `--network` flag, kindly make sure to remove the `--rollup.config` flag.
```

Refer to the `op-node` configuration [documentation](https://docs.optimism.io/builders/node-operators/management/configuration#op-node) for detailed information about available options.

> **Note**:

> > <br> Some L1 nodes (e.g. Erigon) do not support fetching storage proofs. You can work around this by specifying `--l1.trustrpc` when starting op-node (add it in `op-node-entrypoint` and rebuild the docker image with `docker compose build`.) Do not do this unless you fully trust the L1 node provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> <br>Some L1 nodes (e.g. Erigon) do not support fetching storage proofs. You can work around this by specifying `--l1.trustrpc` when starting op-node (add it in `op-node-entrypoint` and rebuild the docker image with `docker compose build`.) Do not do this unless you fully trust the L1 node provider.
```

  --l1.beacon=$L1_BEACON_URL \
  --l2=ws://localhost:8551 \
  --l2.jwt-secret=./jwt.txt \
  --rollup.config=PATH_TO_NETWORK_ROLLUP_FILE
```

> After start, op-node is requesting blocks from Ethereum one-by-one and determining the corresponding OP Mainnet blocks that were published to Ethereum. You should see logs like the following from op-node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command start the `op-node` in the __full sync__ mode. Depending on the chain length, the initial sync process could take significant time varying from days to weeks.
The following logs indicate the initial process of `op-node` fetching sequentially blocks from Ethereum L1 to determine the OP Mainnet blocks that were published to Ethereum. During this process, `op-node` does not forward them to `op-geth`.
```
